what's up guys might like you see it's
here and today I have an unboxing video
of the broken on 8 millimeter fisheye
lens for the Canon series ok it's not ok
open it up get a carrying bag for the
fisheye papers one cares about and there
it is there's the fish eye right here
yeah this that's ok this I'll put all
the specs in the description for this
fisheye holy crap this thing looks
frickin awesome
ok and then the other thing that's we're
gonna try to get with the fisheye the
other thing that I want to make a video
for our unboxing is for
ya which is the like a cam caddy but I
got it for cheaper so that's alright
this one - that's basically everything
you get this there it is right there
this feels really good and yeah so I'm
gonna put this stuff on my camera and
I'll show you guys in a sec okay guys I
got the fish eye and optica X script
I'll just call the cam Kenny but I got
it all set up on my camera and this is
what it looks like
it's looks awesome the lens is
perfect and it just
alright just freakin awesome
okay so I just thought I should show you
guys what it looks like outside so view
is my backyard showing off the fisheye
dog and so yeah overall this fisheye is
frickin awesome and I can't wait to make
some skate videos this week with it and
so if you guys want to see those videos
you should subscribe to my channel so
then you're automatically notified when
my video is posted where my videos are
posted and here is my brother's archery
crap but yeah but anyways guys give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it and
I'll see you guys in the next video